oh you look so pretty
pull the information eggs Luke will be
behind this evil robot the bandwidth
bandits be evil cross-platform headache
dr. Lu user attention and not intuitive
interface yeah I'm a new villain in town
FX a veil oh you think you can stop me
actionscript bitmap effects engage you
fool flash I've studied you and I know
you one witness oh he knows about my
issues mmm my life flashing before my
eyes like a very flashy thing I remember
how it all started shut out in a rocket
from a dying planet i crash-landed on
earth where I found I had incredible
powers mmm oh sorry aha I began life as
a strange computer experiment started by
a man fascinating flocks but one day in
a freak accident a passing truck filled
with radioactive pink lipstick
overturned spring he with a toxic
vibrant color and endow me with a
somewhat limited range of powers at that
moment I became fuchsia splash although
it seems my name was widely misheard and
after consultation with an image
consultant I also changed my look people
seem to enjoy playing with me and some
even considered offering me a home I
found myself adopted by new Harry head
and totally changed my look and name
and all of a sudden I had a big brother
to look up to you should have seen his
CD collection at first like most kids
all I could do was go to and play and
stop before I moved on to the next scene
but soon I learned to stand alone and
got my start in the movie cups are you
talking to me are you talking to me well
I'm the only embedded object here so who
the flusher you're talking to as I
mature would I took responsibility for
my own actions and got hip to mp3 people
began exploring my powers pushing to see
what my limits were I had a growing fan
base and it seemed that whenever there
was a browser or operating system
release party I got invited my abilities
kept expanding and I was getting smarter
folks were writing books about me I even
had my share of critics but my fame was
spreading I got into printing images and
became more and more connected to the
world video became a big focus and I
added more components to my game I
developed super vision and hearing and
made myself more accessible to my users
I gathered a crew around me and now
combined powers battled the villains
that harass people around the globe I
might have been on top of the world but
still felt something was missing I
needed to work on my behavior and style
I added a touch of class so that anyone
who could see sharp or brew a mean cup
of coffee would appreciate me I learned
to express myself even more I was able
to shrink myself down to fit into the
tiniest faces or control more of the
world around me no matter what the
platform or browser people knew I could
live on and here i am embraced by a new
family who just gave me the best
birthday present I mean no more
performance issues I can take on the
world I was already a bit of a player
but now I'm twice the man I used to be I
can beat any problem or develop a
headache Oh rampaging robot Klingon
actionscript-3 Powers Act
oh damn
Dreamweaver what have you turned even oh
no it's all surprised so you guys
wrecked my house and almost killed me
just to get me to a party rather than
just asking me good surprise ha the
robot was my idea happy dance
you
Oh